[v3.4.8] (May 19 2023) (#545)
sendbird/sendbird-uikit-react: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog - v3

## [v3.4.8] (May 19 2023)

Fixes:
* Prevent white space only text sending
* Mentioned user Regex parsing
  Mention will now work even if userId has `.*+?^${}()|[\]\\` characters

> * ChannelList blink when when message is send

Reviewer: double `when` is used, is it typo?

Author: yes thnx

  Happened when there were two channelLists in the same page with

>   different query params

Reviewer: seems it doesn't need a line break?

Author: Is because I break lines at 80  chars(for description), it is a best practice,

Reviewer: Ok ok

* ChannelSetting `renderUserProfile` prop
  We were applying `renderChannelProfile` in place of `renderUserProfile`
* MessageBody: Words break mid word

>   Words were breaking midword because all white spaces
>   were converted into nbsps. CSS couldnt distinguish nbsps
>   as whitespaces, so wrapping didnt work well

Reviewer: How about?
```suggestion
  Words were breaking in the middle because all white spaces were converted into nbsps. CSS couldn't differentiate nbsps as regular white spaces, resulting in poor text wrapping.
```
